Improve description of floating point inaccuracy (#22453)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/number/epsilon/index.md

### Testing equality

> Any number encoding system occupying a finite number of bits, of whatever base you choose (eg. decimal or binary), will _necessarily_ be unable to represent all numbers exactly, because you are trying to represent an infinite number of points on a number line using a finite amount of memory. For example, a base-10 (decimal) numbering system cannot represent 1/3 exactly; and a base-2 (binary) numbering system cannot represent `0.1` exactly. Thus, for example, `0.1 + 0.2` is not exactly equal to `0.3`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any number encoding system occupying a finite number of bits, of whatever base you choose (e.g. decimal or binary), will _necessarily_ be unable to represent all numbers exactly, because you are trying to represent an infinite number of points on the number line using a finite amount of memory. For example, a base-10 (decimal) system cannot represent 1/3 exactly, and a base-2 (binary) system cannot represent `0.1` exactly. Thus, for example, `0.1 + 0.2` is not exactly equal to `0.3`:
```
